hello everyone welcome back again I'm
happy to have you here and excited for
this video because we're going to be
making a juice and I call it the liver
cleansing juice I personally love
drinking juices because you can mix a
variety of fruits and vegetables and it
makes really delicious flavors besides
it's really good for you
juices is a great way to incorporate
more nutrients into your diet because a
lot of produce is compacted in one
single juice remember that the liver is
like like everything passes through the
liver so it's really important to clean
to keep it clean as well as as well as
all of our other organs keeping it clean
and eating more fruits and vegetables
eating more raw foods is going to keep
all of your organs clean they're going
to be working well and in turn you're
going to be feeling really really good
and one last thing before we start the
recipe is that I know a lot of you have
been asking me about these glass straws
or I get them and about my mason jars
and these ones I'm going to put the link
below of where you can get them it's
called they're called glass Dharma and I
really like them because they're like
eco-friendly and they look really pretty
especially on pictures and you can use
the code robe on that to get it discount
as well alright so let's get started
with our liver cleansing juice so for
juice we're going to use 1 and 1/2 red
apples and I've cut them up like this
we're going to use two grapefruits peel
I personally really like grapefruit
especially when it's right because it's
a lot more sweet and we're going to use
one beat and I've already gone and cut
it we're going to use one large cucumber
cut and we leave the peel because it
takes a lot of nutrients and finally
we're going to use one whole stalk of
celery mmm
ready so good seriously drinking fruit
and veggie juice never taste it as
amazing as this does but seriously like
delicious I hope you try it don't forget
to like my video subscribe if you
haven't subscribed and I am just sending
you all my love and I'll see you guys
next time
bye